Expand CDN glossary entry (#38250)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/cdn/index.md

- Serving libraries' static assets over CDN lowers the request burden on an organization's own servers.
- Most CDNs have servers all over the globe, so CDN servers may be geographically nearer to your users than your own servers. Geographical distance affects latency proportionally.
- CDNs are already configured with proper cache settings. Using a CDN saves further configuration for static assets on your own servers.

In fact, entire websites can be served from CDNs, particularly [static](/en-US/docs/Glossary/SSG) websites comprised entirely of static HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files.

There are also downsides to using CDNs, compared to self-hosting static assets:

- It introduces an additional dependency on a third-party service. If the CDN goes down, is blocked in a region, or is permanently shut down, your website will malfunction.
- It introduces an extra attack vector. Attackers can compromise the CDN and serve malicious content to your users. This necessitates countermeasures like [Subresource Integrity (SRI)](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Practical_implementation_guides/SRI).

> - Contrary to popular belief, CDN may actually be _anti-performance_. By establishing connection with a third-party website, the user's browser has to go through more rounds of DNS lookup, content negotiation, etc. On the other hand, modern browsers do not share cache between different origins for the same resource for privacy reasons, so the user has to download the same asset (e.g. jQuery) multiple times on different websites anyway.

Reviewer: Not seen "anti performance" in the wild before.

```suggestion
- Contrary to popular belief, CDN may actually _reduce_ performance. By establishing connection with a third-party website, the user's browser has to go through more rounds of DNS lookup, content negotiation, etc. On the other hand, modern browsers do not share cache between different origins for the same resource for privacy reasons, so the user has to download the same asset (e.g. jQuery) multiple times on different websites anyway.
```
